1. Who developed Python Programming Language? 
Ans. Guido van Rossum 

2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
Ans. Python is a Object-oriented programming and structured programming are fully suported.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans. The extensions for Python files are  py, pyi.

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
Ans. Python is an interpreted language.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
Ans.  Braces {} are used to define a block of code in most programming languages.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans.  We can write a single-line comment by adding a single # character before any statement or line of code.

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. Using python_version() function.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called
Ans. Python supports to make anonymous functions which are not bound to a name(@ runtime). It uses a construct called "lambda" .

10. What does pip stand for python? 
Ans. preferred installer program.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
Ans. Python Built-in Functions
     .print( ) function.
     .type( ) function.
     .input( ) function.
     .abs( ) function.
     .pow( ) function.
     .dir( ) function.
     .sorted( ) function.
     .max( ) function.

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 
Ans. 79 characters.

13. What are the benefits of using Python? 
Ans. Top Reasons to Learn Python
       .Data science.
       .Scientific and mathematical computing.
       .Web development.
       .Finance and trading.
       .System automation and administration.
       .Computer graphics.
       .Basic game development.
       .Security and penetration testing.

14. How is memory managed in Python? 
Ans. Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures.
     The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?  
Ans. The complete path of python.exe can be added by:
     .Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
     .Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
     .Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
      
16. Is indentation required in python? 
Ans. Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line. Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only,
     the indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.


